---
layout: post
title: Make universal(fat) / archive(with bitcode) framework.
subtitle: Let's make some your very own framework.
date: 2018-05-25
categories: Swift
cover:
tags: Framework
---

1. Universal(fat) framework.<br>
<br>
1) Build Settings -> Architectures -> Build Active Architecture Only<br>
When if this option is 'YES' Xcode makes build for your OS system only. (likes x86_64)<br>
if you want to compatible for i386 system either, set this option 'NO'.<br>
<br>
2) Build Settings -> Deployment -> Installation Directory<br>
I don't know precisely why we have to modify this option.<br>
but if didn't, you will get 'framework cannot be loaded' error message from Xcode.<br>
this option have to set '@loader_path/Frameworks' or '@executable_path/Frameworks'.<br>
<br>
3) Build Settings -> Deployment -> Skip Install<br>
Maybe you need to this option be changed. however, i suggest to 'YES'.<br>
because if this option is 'NO', framework will be install with your main app<br>
and due to cause of dependency problem.<br>
<br>
4) Build Settings -> Linking -> Mach-O type<br>
if your framework contain asset(likes strings, images etc...)<br>
you should 'Dynamic Library'. Static Library can't contain any asset.<br>
<br>
5) Combine real device and simulator module.<br>
Build your project twice for real device and simulator.<br>
navigate to Xcode navigator -> your Project -> Products -> YOURFRAMEWORK.framework<br>
and right mouse click, select 'Show in Finder'<br>
<br>
open cmd and excute below line.<br>
<br>
'lipo -create -output FRAMEWORKNAME REALDEVICE-EXECUTABLE-PATH SIMULATOR-EXECUTABLE-PATH'<br>
<br>
EXECUTABLE-PATH is exe file which have same name your framework name in your root of framework.<br>
and replace realdevice exe file to we just made.<br>
<br>
Next, copy module file in simulator framework's root/Modules/*.swiftmodule folder.<br>
(likes x86_64.swiftdoc and x86_64.swiftmodule)<br>
and paste in real device framework's root/Modules/*.swiftmodule folder.<br>
<br>
Real device framework is now universal(fat) framework.<br>
<br>
<br>
2. Archive(with bitcode) framework.<br>
<br>
1) first, check option same for Universal(fat) framework and do this below task.<br>
<br>
2) Build Settings -> User-Defined<br>
Add 'BITCODE_GENERATION_MODE' and set 'bitcode'<br>
this option is the mark for do build with bitcode.<br>
<br>
3) Make sure build target 'Generic iOS Device'.<br>
